## 1. Audio input is like a blackbox.... -input became unstable: switched to built-in microphone to recover
- This is the single biggest problem I've faced with distributing my software. On some people's laptops, it doesn't work. To be more specific, it's the audio input source. I've already implemented very robust measuring for that, but it's not working.

On my laptop it's working, on my girlfriend's laptop it's also working, but then I went to my other friend's laptop, or iMac, it is not working.

You summon the hotkey, but then the visualizer at the notch recorder section does not move at all. Which means it's not really listening to my mic input. The mic icon was on, but the visualizer doesn't really change and there's no streaming transcript out. So, I really don't know what's going on.

I tested their system audio, inside settings, like Apple's preference system preference settings, it's working perfectly fine. I can see the audio responding there. Like the audio wave moving there. So, the audio bar is varying, so that means their system audio is fine.

I do have one kind of evidence for you to look into.

This banner, I think I implemented for debugging for my case, but then I saw this after ten seconds on her laptop. I don't have any log from her side, but this is something that pops up. I think I implemented this to check the image. That's all I can have.

But please go ahead and dig into my audio system. And feel free to compare that with Voice Inc. Because Voice Inc.'s system is working, but mine's not. Three out of twenty-five computers do not work.

They press the hotkey, dictation hotkey, and then they were not able to do any speech input.

So, that's a huge problem. There are some other people that were able to see the wave visualizer moving, but then after they speak for one minute, they press the hotkey to transcribe, nothing comes out. 

- another case for the audio input source, an user has reflected that when using mac's microphone, it won't work - summoned the notch recorder, no wave, no transcript - but then he put on airpods, and suddenly it works... very strange. He checked the system pref and saw his mac mic input is totally working. He also uses it for meeting too and no problem at all.

## 2. dictation hotkey doesnt work after being set, but the handsfree mode key works
## 3. Animation lagging, need to be much much smoother (no need to log)
## 4. dictation key set to f5 but doesnt work. i can overwrite f5 on my computer, but not on my user's computer
## 5. one user reports that (i have never seen or heard this bug from anyone else), but he mentioned he was transcribing 20 sentences. Starting at the 4th sentence all the way to the 20th, they are all repeting transcirptions of the 3rd sentence. 
so something like this:
1/ 我今天吃了汉堡。
2/ 哎呀，clio真好用！
3/ we should download netflix.
4/ we should download netflix.
5/ we should download netflix.
6/ we should download netflix.
....
19/ we should download netflix.
20/ we should download netflix.
## 6 2 users reported that sometimes, during a recording, say like they are talking for 2 minutes, and it was actually missing half of the transcription (or 30%,20%,60%, x amount of transcript). I've already implemented the streaming transcripts, so that gives users more confidence and more faith that the transcript transcription tool is actually working. Previously, I did not implement a streaming transcript showing feature, so now when users use it, they can see the text coming out, so they know if it's working or not.

Another thing is this might help users visualize, but I still want it to be able to log in the backend to see what went wrong if, say, 45 seconds in and then something wrong. Maybe WebSocket disconnected or maybe audio disconnected, but it stopped getting transcripts. This would be worth to know. 
